If you enjoy this course and would like to stay up to date on the most recent news about OpenAI API
and how to create.
Content using generative AI and ChatGPT.
You can follow me on my website.
Justin's fines.com.
And this is my space where I upload new blog articles of my recent findings as well as new videos about
Openai's API, as well as how to use AI to create content.
And you can get here by going to your URL bar and type in Justin's fine.com.
That's Justin's finds.com and you're presented with a page like this.
A lot of these articles are completely free to view.
A few of them are for my newsletter subscribers only.
Don't worry, subscribing to my newsletter is 100% free.
All you need to share is your name and email and you will get up to date information about any new blog
articles, posts, each blog article about information.
It might have a video attached as well as some source code or maybe some downloadable material.
There's also a freebie section that links to all the information on my website.
A lot of the content and downloadables are available here, as well as a list of all the courses and
the most up to date information on each course.
So for example, if you found me through how to use ChatGPT and generative AI to create content, you
can get more information here as well as a link to the page.
And then if you found me via the OpenAI API bootcamp, then you could also go here and find that information.
So make sure you check it out.
And this is a great resource for anybody that's interested in generative AI and how to use it to create
content or how to use Openai's API to create applications.
Anything I cover general AI.
So make sure you check it out and subscribe.
I'm really happy that you joined me on this journey and I hope to see more of you in the future.